To keep track of our finances we want to have a small application.
We've started with some functionality but could not figure out the rest.
Complete the FinanceApp class so it uses the correct queries to return the requested data

To help you, we added the already-created functionality so you could reuse it.
There is also a menu structure within main.py for your ease.

Criteria:
Use the provided FinanceApp skeleton.
Fix the load_transactions_from_json method so it loads all data from the provided transactions.json file into the database (Be aware, each year the transactions ID start from 1 again, and the date is not in the required format(YYYY-MM-DD)... find a fix for that).
Each of the following methods already has a return type (as hint) that should be returned, but to help you further the following values should be returned for each method:

FinanceApp:
add_transaction should return a Transaction object based on the provided arguments and the auto increment id.
update_transaction should return True if the update succeeded or False if it failed.
Empty values as argument should be skipped and not used for updating
delete_transaction should return True if the delete succeeded or False if it failed.
search_transactions should return a list of objects of type Transaction matching the search term.
The search term should look for matches inside the category and description of each Transaction.
get_transactions should return a list of objects of type Transaction matching the provided year, if no year was provided (empty) it should return all transactions.
get_expenses should return a list of tuples containing the (category and amount) as sum for each category
This method should only return expenses, so income category='Work' should be ignored.
Results should be ordered by amount in descending order.
get_savings should return a list of tuples containing the (year and amount) as sum of savings for each year.
count_transactions should return an int of the amount of transactions of the provided year, if no year was provided (empty) it should return the total count all transactions.
get_report should return a dict of the provided year, if no year was provided (empty) it should return the total count all transactions, it should contain the following keys:
transactions: total count of transactions
income: total sum of income
expenses: total sum of expenses
savings: total sum of savings
total: total of income, expenses and savings

Output example (A):
Transaction(999, '2024-12-01', 'Description', 'Test', 1337.00)
Output example (P):
Transactions: 999
Income: 12345.67
Expenses: -9876.54
Savings: 1231.23
Total: -456.78